= DESCRIPTION:

Installs netatalk package on Debian so it can be used with Mac OS X Lion Time Machine

= REQUIREMENTS:

Debian

= ATTRIBUTES:

Attributes are in the "netatalk-timemachine" attribute key.

* path - Time Machine path
* used - User that should own the Time Machine path, default root which is obviously not very useful
* group - Group that should own the Time Machine path, default root.

= USAGE:

Time Machine refused to use the default netatalk package on Debian to store backups.

Include the "netatalk-timemachine" recipe on the desired node's run list. 

You'll want to override the default attributes

    "netatalk" => {
      "path" => "/srv/something",
      "user" => "agale",
      "group" => "agale"
    }


= Mac OS X Setup

You'll need to run

  $ defaults write com.apple.systempreferences TMShowUnsupportedNetworkVolumes 1

You'll also need to setup a sparse disk image on your Mac and copy it over to the Time Machine share.

  $ hdiutil create -size 512g -fs HFS+J -volname "Time Machine" `grep -A1 LocalHostName /Library/Preferences/SystemConfiguration/preferences.plist | tail -n1 | awk 'BEGIN { FS = "|" } ; { print $2 }'`_`ifconfig en0 | grep ether | awk 'BEGIN { FS = ":" } ; {print $1$2$3$4$5$6}' | awk {'print $2'}`.sparsebundle


Hat tip to 

  http://www.trollop.org/2011/07/23/os-x-10-7-lion-time-machine-netatalk-2-2/

And finally - and most importantly - where the Debian package and instructions the cookbook uses came from:

  http://www.mikepalmer.net/build-a-netatalk-time-machine-for-osx-lion-using-debian-6-0-squeeze/

= LICENSE AND AUTHOR:

Author:: Andy Gale <andy@salgo.net>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
